distinct tidb only information function (#14213)
pingcap/docs: functions-and-operators/information-functions.md

TiDB supports most of the [information functions](https://dev.mysql.com/doc/refman/5.7/en/information-functions.html) available in MySQL 5.7.

> ## TiDB Supported MySQL functions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## TiDB supported MySQL functions
```

Reviewer: TiDB 英文文档里小节的名字统一用的是 sentence case

| [`USER()`](https://dev.mysql.com/doc/refman/5.7/en/information-functions.html#function_user) | Return the user name and host name provided by the client    |
| [`VERSION()`](https://dev.mysql.com/doc/refman/5.7/en/information-functions.html#function_version) | Return a string that indicates the MySQL server version   |

> ## TiDB Specific functions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## TiDB specific functions
```

> Following functions are only supported by TiDB, there is no equivalent function in MySQL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following function is only supported by TiDB, and there is no equivalent function in MySQL.
```

| Name | Description |
|:-----|:------------|
| `CURRENT_RESOURCE_GROUP()`  | Return the name of the resource group that the current session is bound to |

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
